-  
  
# Data Science Intern

Vaikam, Kerala

-

## Work Experience

Data Science Intern

OpnCV

-

Kochi, Kerala

-

July 2018 to Present

Working on: Semantic Web,Clustering Data ,NoSQL,Implementing API

Research Intern

CSIR-CDRi

-

Work From Home

-

October 2017 to March 2018

Make new kinds of ANNs, which are neuromorphic in architecture and abide by
the principles of plasticity  
  
Write theoretical paper as well as the implementation of such ANNs

## Education

B.Tech in Computer Science Engineering

College Of Engineering Kidangoor

-

Kidangoor, Kerala

June 2014 to April 2018

## Skills

Python (3 years), C++ (6 years), Sql (6 years), Data Analysis (1 year), Deep
learning (Less than 1 year), machine learning (1 year), Web Development (2
years), Mathematics (10+ years), NoSql (Less than 1 year)

## Publications

FABULAM NARRENTAM

March 2018

Inspired by recent work in machine translation and object detection, we
introduce a model that automatically learns to detect the content of images
and generate a story related to it. The fact that humans can do this with
remarkable ease makes this a very interesting/challenging problem for AI,
combining aspects of computer vision (in particular scene understanding) and
natural language processing. Much in the same way human vision fixates when
you perceive the visual world, the model learns to "attend" to selective
regions while generating a story. We also show through visualization how the
model is able to automatically learn to fix its gaze on salient objects while
generating the corresponding words in the output sequence. The model brings
together convolutional neural networks, recurrent neural networks, and works
in modeling attention mechanisms.

CEK ALUMNI

April 2017

descriptionThis project is a social networking website for the alumni
association of students of College of Engineering Kidangoor.All new posts will
be dynamically loaded. Pictures and their views can be uploaded by any user in
the network. Each user has his own page and can edit their profile photo and
status.New news updates related to the department or college will be provided
in a separate page which can be viewed by all the users. This will be a very
good website which will be helpful for all the students of CEK.

