-  
  
# Microsoft Professional Program In Data Science

New Delhi, Delhi

-

## Work Experience

Microsoft Professional Program In Data Science

Microsoft Academy

-

Online

-

April 2018 to Present

Learning Data science using Python and R prog. lang. with the help of
Microsoft Excel and Power BI to analyze and visualize large datasets from
Azure SQL program with T-SQL, Using Sparks to create predictive analytics and
machine learning solutions.

Machine Learning From Coursera

Stanford University

-

Online

-

March 2018 to July 2018

Learned how to apply the advanced machine learning algorithms to such problems
as anti-spam, image recognition, clustering, building recommender systems, and
many others. Also learned to select the right algorithm and improve learning
performance.

Programming With C# On EdX

Microsoft

-

Online

-

September 2015 to January 2016

Programming in C# a course of Study issued by Microsoft , an online learning
initiative of Microsoft Corporation on eDX . Leerned on topics like Enum Data
types, Handlind Exceptions, Methods and other Resources.  
  
Honor Code Certificate

## Education

B. Tech in Electronics & Communication Engineering

IMS Engineering College

-

Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh

August 2014 to June 2018

## Skills

Python (1 year), Sql (Less than 1 year), Data Analysis (Less than 1 year),
Data Entry (Less than 1 year), Machine Learning (Less than 1 year), Hadoop
(Less than 1 year), R (Less than 1 year), Spark (Less than 1 year), Big Data
(Less than 1 year), NLP (Less than 1 year)

## Links

[http://ashwanidv100.github.io](https://www.indeed.com/url?q=http%3A%2F%2Fashwanidv100.github.io&h=e42b7b90)

## Awards

Top 1% of Microsoft TechRewards Participant

October 2017

Challenges Completed: 48, Total Experience Points: 14150 XP, Leaderboard Total
Badges: 14

Google Online Marketing Challenge (GOMC-2017)

August 2017

Worked as a Team Leader. An AdWords campaign ran from April 14 to May 3 with a
$250.00 budget. Campaigns as maintained using 4 Ad Groups, 8 ads, and 24
keywords and Universal App Campaign with Targeted locations as available in
All Countries and Territories to achieve the objectives. The campaigns reached
14,781 clicks, 405,694 impressions with CTR of 3.64% and an average CPC of
$0.02. Our campaign resulted in 633 new downloads.

First Place in Texas Instruments India

June 2018

Awarded for an outstanding performance on achieving First Place in the TIVA ,
an online contest by TI University Program.

Google Code Jam Participant

In 2016,  
Participated as ashwanidvl00 representing India using C, C++, Python with
Qualification Round: Ranked 7223 (55 points), Round 1C: Ranked 5469 (18
points).  
  
In 2017,  
Participated as ashwanidv100 representing India using C, C++, Python with
Qualification Round: Ranked 8330 (50 points).  
  
In 2018,  
Participant as ashwanidv100 representing India using Python, C++, C# with
Qualification Round: Ranked 5988 (54 points).  

## Groups

Contributor in CodeHeat Fossaisa Program

September 2017 to February 2018

Used various programming languages in fossasia projects ranging from web
front-end to back-end technologies and Linux technologies.  


Contributor in Classical Language Toolkit (CLTK)

February 2018 to Present

Classical Language Toolkit (CLTK) offers natural language processing (NLP)
support for the languages of Ancient, Classical, and Medieval Eurasia.
Contributed to build compiled analysis-friendly corpora for Medieval-texts.
And still actively contributing to Collecting and generating linguistics data
for cltk and fixing Issues and Bugs in cltk.

Contributor in Paytm: Build for India | Open Source Incubator

January 2018 to Present

Solving problem which we are facing in every day and open source project to
eradicate those problem. The  project can involve in designing, coding,
hardware development and product management, etc.

Member of GDG New Delhi

October 2017 to Present

Member and Influencer at Unity Connect

August 2017 to Present

## Publications

Blind Navigation System Using Artificial Intelligence

[https://irjet.net/archives/V5/i3/IRJET-V5I3134.pdf](https://www.indeed.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Firjet.net%2Farchives%2FV5%2Fi3%2FIRJET-V5I3134.pdf&h=38d7d90b)

March 2018

The use of artificial intelligence for modality conversion, from the visual
modality to Text-to-Speech. Using TensorFlow Lite and its pre trained
classifier model (MobileNet_v1) to identifies whatâ€™s in the image and perform
computations using Neural Network API programming model (NNAPI) and trained
model on our stored training data with getting accuracy of more than 90%.  

Develop Android App : Emoji Dash (Game: Arcade)

[https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wykeespace.EmojiDash](https://www.indeed.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fplay.google.com%2Fstore%2Fapps%2Fdetails%3Fid%3Dcom.wykeespace.EmojiDash&h=c6904b19)

February 2017

This app is available on google play store. I build this app as a part of my
hobby but intended to learn Unity Technology using C# programming and Game
Development cycle. Trying to implement Machine Learning system in the present
development cycle.

## Additional Information

Looking for a challenging Job and Internship which demands the best of my
current ability in terms of technical and analytical skills, and helps me in
broadening and enhancing my current skill and knowledge. I have lots of
energy, a bit of that "vision thing" and I not afraid to start from the
beginning.

