-  
  
# Data Science Intern

## Business Analytics or Data Science

Kochi, Kerala

-

Looking for Business Analytics or Data Science jobs where I can utilize my
skills in statistical analysis, machine learning, Python programming, and
management consulting along with eight years of experience in RDBMS and
programming.

## Work Experience

Data Science Intern

Kaggle.com

-

Kochi, Kerala

-

August 2018 to Present

Work on different real-life data science projects available in Kaggle.com

Management Consultant

Freelancer.com

-

Kochi, Kerala

-

April 2018 to August 2018

Prepared business plans, proforma financial statements and pitch decks for
clients

Entrepreneur

Tea Magic

-

Kochi, Kerala

-

January 2018 to May 2018

The idea of Tea Magic was a chain of tea shops all over Kerala.  
  
Prepared a business plan and worked on the implementation (visited existing
tea shops, discussed with coffee shop franchises, visited machinery
manufactures in Coimbatore, prepared and tested tea concentrate, talked to
authorities about licenses)

Entrepreneur

Safe Food

-

Kochi, Kerala

-

April 2016 to February 2017

Incorporated a company ‘Safe Food’ in Kerala engaged in the manufacturing of
ready to cook items for households.

Technical Lead

IBS Software Services

-

Kochi, Kerala

-

June 2011 to April 2016

My responsibilities were feasibility study, design and effort estimation of
software change requests from the clients, code review, and management of
small teams of 2-8 people.

Founder

Dimind innovations

-

Kochi, Kerala

-

June 2011 to June 2014

My company focused on developing software and web solutions for businesses.

Software Engineer

Altisource Business Solutions Pvt Ltd

-

Bengaluru, Karnataka

-

May 2008 to May 2011

Altisource Business Solutions is an IT & software company focusing on the
development and maintenance of Mortgage Loan Servicing software and have
primary clientele in the USA.

## Education

MBA in Business Strategy and Marketing

Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode

-

Calicut, Kerala

June 2015 to August 2017

Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communication

MG University College of Engineering

-

Thodupuzha, Kerala

August 2003 to August 2007

## Skills

OpenEdge ABL (8 years), Progress 4GL (8 years), Management consulting (Less
than 1 year), Python (Less than 1 year), Machine Learning (Less than 1 year),
Data Analysis (Less than 1 year)

## Links

[https://www.linkedin.com/in/georgepothur](https://www.indeed.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.linkedin.com%2Fin%2Fgeorgepothur&h=7f89dbb7)

## Groups

HelpOurSchool.in

November 2016 to February 2017

HelpOurSchools.in is a Social Development Project to connect government
schools needing monetary or infrastructural support, with companies wanting to
support development activities in schools using their Corporate Social
Responsibility Fund.  
❖ Conceptualized the idea, designed the system, outlined the processes, led
the team in execution and successfully implemented the project in Eranakulam
district of Kerala, India

